docs: Search Metadata Batch 02 (#14589)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/security/acl/acl-roles.mdx

---
layout: docs
page_title: ACL Roles
description: >-

> Roles are a collection of ACL policies that enable service and node identities. Learn how roles allow you to reuse and update policies without requiring unique tokens for each requestor.

Reviewer: The current copy is misleading (we want each requestor to have a unique token, we just don't want them to need to reissue tokens if they modify the role definition).

```suggestion
Roles are a named collection of ACL policies, service identities, and node identities. Learn how roles allow you to reuse and update access control policies without needing to distribute new tokens to users.
```
